ministries/clusterone.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Cluster One
---
**Cluster Name:**  
CHRIST’S AMBASSADORS OF BREAD IN PARAÑAQUE

**Target Group:**  
All members and worshipers from Parañaque including their families.

**Vision:**   
Honoring and glorifying God in our personal lives and as a community of believers as we grow in faith together.

**Mission:**   
To grow deeper in our knowledge of God, nurture one another in faith and obedience to Christ, and share Jesus to others.

**Activities:**   
All activities are in response to our church’s objectives of Call, Cultivate and Care.

 - **Call**. We will join the missions initiated by our church and share
   Jesus to our family, friends and community.
   
  - **Cultivate**. We meet every 2nd and 4th Friday of the month for
   doctrinal study, hold a prayer time called ‘Times of Refreshing’
   three times a year dedicated to communing with God, and a Family
   Fellowship twice a year to encourage discussion about God’s design
   for the family.
   
   - **Care**. We hold visitation to know the members and their families and
   pray for them.

Those interested to join may approach Pastor Recca Gonzales.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/clusterone.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Cluster One
category-name: logos/ministries
image: clusterone.png
description: CHRIST’S AMBASSADORS OF BREAD IN PARAÑAQUE. Honoring and glorifying God in our personal lives and as a community of believers as we grow in faith together.
---
**Cluster Name:**  
CHRIST’S AMBASSADORS OF BREAD IN PARAÑAQUE

**Target Group:**  
All members and worshipers from Parañaque including their families.

**Vision:**   
Honoring and glorifying God in our personal lives and as a community of believers as we grow in faith together.

**Mission:**   
To grow deeper in our knowledge of God, nurture one another in faith and obedience to Christ, and share Jesus to others.

**Activities:**   
All activities are in response to our church’s objectives of Call, Cultivate and Care.

 - **Call**. We will join the missions initiated by our church and share
   Jesus to our family, friends and community.
   
  - **Cultivate**. We meet every 2nd and 4th Friday of the month for
   doctrinal study, hold a prayer time called ‘Times of Refreshing’
   three times a year dedicated to communing with God, and a Family
   Fellowship twice a year to encourage discussion about God’s design
   for the family.
   
   - **Care**. We hold visitation to know the members and their families and
   pray for them.

Those interested to join may approach Pastor Recca Gonzales.
