ministries/clustertwo.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Cluster Two
---
 

**Vision:**  
To contribute in the strengthening of members' relationship with one another
and to respond to the needs and situations that may arise from its members
and to cater them with meaningful fellowship through various activities.

**Mission:**  
To glorify God by helping, nurturing and equipping the Cluster 2 members.

**Application of Cultivate & Care in Cluster 2's Activities:**

**Cultivate.** The true meaning of the word “Cultivate” is to prepare oneself for
a specific use or learning to achieve a certain goal. It is to foster the growth of
deepening our understanding of the “Words” of the Gospel through our doctrinal
studies. The ministry also joins hands with various missions in our church such as
medical and dental missions, bible studies and visitations, among others.

Under this ministry, we are nurturing each member in the doctrinal studies
of the church – ongoing of which is the Heidelberg doctrinal study which is
being held every first and third Friday of the month and is being facilitated
by Elder Chito Poblete.

Our mission is to evangelize and spread God’s words to every member of
this cluster and to encourage more people to join us. Our end goal is to
create small bible study groups to share the Gospel so as to glorify God by
preaching His holy word to others.

If you are interested to join this ministry, please contact Sis. Rita Buendia at
0995-4323610.

**Care (Tulong Dunong).** The Lord said in Galatians 6:10, “let us do good to
all people, especially to those who belong to the family of believers”. This
led to Cluster 2’s Care Group creation of “Tulong Dunong” that aims to help
those who are passionate in their studies but are financially lacking.

To date, the group has one (1) scholar this first semester, SY 2018-2019,
receiving her everyday "baon" once a week while a group member talks to
her about her studies and tries to guide her in her church life. The “baon”
given to her comes from the Cluster 2 members who made pledges during
the Cluster’s Quarterly Fellowship last April when the “Tulong Dunong”
was introduced. The members who made pledges remained true to their
promises; hence, a scholar was taken and chosen from the list of members.

It is the hope of the group to be able to add another scholar and to see
and finance her/him through college. It is also our prayer to be financially
able to defray all expenses that will be incurred by the scholars especially
graduation fees, and see the Cluster 2’s mission/vision come to fruition.

Also, the group continues to encourage its other members to touch
someone’s life and make a difference.

If you want to be a part of this noble endeavor, please get in touch with any
member of the Care group of Cluster 2 composed of Sis. Grace Orongan,
Sis. Alma Caminade, Bro. Mario and Sis. Girlie Dizon and Sis. Kamea Dilao.
To God be the glory!

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/clustertwo.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Cluster Two
category-name: logos/ministries
image: clustertwo.png
description: To contribute in the strengthening of members' relationship with one another and to respond to the needs and situations that may arise from its members and to cater them with meaningful fellowship through various activities.
---
 

**Vision:**  
To contribute in the strengthening of members' relationship with one another
and to respond to the needs and situations that may arise from its members
and to cater them with meaningful fellowship through various activities.

**Mission:**  
To glorify God by helping, nurturing and equipping the Cluster 2 members.

**Application of Cultivate & Care in Cluster 2's Activities:**

**Cultivate.** The true meaning of the word “Cultivate” is to prepare oneself for
a specific use or learning to achieve a certain goal. It is to foster the growth of
deepening our understanding of the “Words” of the Gospel through our doctrinal
studies. The ministry also joins hands with various missions in our church such as
medical and dental missions, bible studies and visitations, among others.

Under this ministry, we are nurturing each member in the doctrinal studies
of the church – ongoing of which is the Heidelberg doctrinal study which is
being held every first and third Friday of the month and is being facilitated
by Elder Chito Poblete.

Our mission is to evangelize and spread God’s words to every member of
this cluster and to encourage more people to join us. Our end goal is to
create small bible study groups to share the Gospel so as to glorify God by
preaching His holy word to others.

If you are interested to join this ministry, please contact Sis. Rita Buendia at
0995-4323610.

**Care (Tulong Dunong).** The Lord said in Galatians 6:10, “let us do good to
all people, especially to those who belong to the family of believers”. This
led to Cluster 2’s Care Group creation of “Tulong Dunong” that aims to help
those who are passionate in their studies but are financially lacking.

To date, the group has one (1) scholar this first semester, SY 2018-2019,
receiving her everyday "baon" once a week while a group member talks to
her about her studies and tries to guide her in her church life. The “baon”
given to her comes from the Cluster 2 members who made pledges during
the Cluster’s Quarterly Fellowship last April when the “Tulong Dunong”
was introduced. The members who made pledges remained true to their
promises; hence, a scholar was taken and chosen from the list of members.

It is the hope of the group to be able to add another scholar and to see
and finance her/him through college. It is also our prayer to be financially
able to defray all expenses that will be incurred by the scholars especially
graduation fees, and see the Cluster 2’s mission/vision come to fruition.

Also, the group continues to encourage its other members to touch
someone’s life and make a difference.

If you want to be a part of this noble endeavor, please get in touch with any
member of the Care group of Cluster 2 composed of Sis. Grace Orongan,
Sis. Alma Caminade, Bro. Mario and Sis. Girlie Dizon and Sis. Kamea Dilao.
To God be the glory!
