ministries/evangelism.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Evangelism
---
 
Evangelism is the term used to refer to the preaching of the Gospel. The word
itself comes from the Greek word for gospel (evangelion), which morphed
and became evangelism in the English language. In an article that is in the
Ligonier Ministries website, they mentioned that evangelism, and I quote:
“this Greek word literally means “gospeling”. When we are “gospeling”, we
are spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.”

In BREAD, we have identified Evangelism as one of our CORE ministries
in the church, together with Worship, Discipleship and Care. It is such an
important part of church life that in the Church Order of BREAD, we have
identified the Evangelist as an Office in the church.

Reverend Norman Manlapaz has been designated as Bread’s main theologian for the church and  Pastor in-charge of Evangelism ministry which is an integral part of Worship and Discipleship ministries. 
He led the updating of the Church AOF together with the Ministers of the word as his co-authors.

Offering testimonials about Jesus Christ is called witnessing and NOT
evangelism. The ministry would like to make this fine distinction as each of
His elect needs to study and spread the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.
In 2 Corinthians, we learned about the Ministry of Reconciliation of God into
which all of His chosen people are called to serve. May this calling be true
for each of us and may we cultivate our knowledge of the Truth and with the
outpouring of the Holy Spirit, love and care for each other.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/evangelism.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Evangelism
category-name: logos/ministries
image: evangelism.png
description: In BREAD, we have identified Evangelism as one of our CORE ministries in the church, together with Worship, Discipleship and Care. It is such an important part of church life that in the Church Order of BREAD, we have identified the Evangelist as an Office in the church.
---
 
Evangelism is the term used to refer to the preaching of the Gospel. The word
itself comes from the Greek word for gospel (evangelion), which morphed
and became evangelism in the English language. In an article that is in the
Ligonier Ministries website, they mentioned that evangelism, and I quote:
“this Greek word literally means “gospeling”. When we are “gospeling”, we
are spreading the Gospel of Jesus Christ.”

In BREAD, we have identified Evangelism as one of our CORE ministries
in the church, together with Worship, Discipleship and Care. It is such an
important part of church life that in the Church Order of BREAD, we have
identified the Evangelist as an Office in the church.

Reverend Norman Manlapaz has been designated as Bread’s main theologian for the church and  Pastor in-charge of Evangelism ministry which is an integral part of Worship and Discipleship ministries. 
He led the updating of the Church AOF together with the Ministers of the word as his co-authors.

Offering testimonials about Jesus Christ is called witnessing and NOT
evangelism. The ministry would like to make this fine distinction as each of
His elect needs to study and spread the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ.
In 2 Corinthians, we learned about the Ministry of Reconciliation of God into
which all of His chosen people are called to serve. May this calling be true
for each of us and may we cultivate our knowledge of the Truth and with the
outpouring of the Holy Spirit, love and care for each other.
