ministries/membership.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Membership
---
 
The Membership Ministry supports the following: The 3 Clusters, Visitation,
Multimedia and the Church Greeters Ministry.

Its modest goal by the end of 2018 is to gather updated membership data,
verify it with the existing data, and analyse its contents to come up with
an action plan on how to best serve and address the spiritual needs and
concerns of all the members.

Another goal of the ministry is to achieve an increase in the participation rate
in the ongoing programmes being offered by the other Church Ministries.
For its long term goals, we aim to be an active and integral part of the church
in its vision and mission, implementation of its Call, Cultivate and Care
programmes through the Growth Requiring Individual Participation (GRIP)
approach. We will also focus and assist in strengthening the Family values
and in growing our membership numbers.

The Ministry is led by Pastor Vic and the Cluster Pastors, the Deacon Overseers
and supported by an administration, secretariat and core members handling
communication and technical support.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/membership.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Membership
category-name: logos/ministries
image: membership.png
description: The Membership Ministry supports the following. The 3 Clusters, Visitation, Multimedia and the Church Greeters Ministry.
---
 
The Membership Ministry supports the following: The 3 Clusters, Visitation,
Multimedia and the Church Greeters Ministry.

Its modest goal by the end of 2018 is to gather updated membership data,
verify it with the existing data, and analyse its contents to come up with
an action plan on how to best serve and address the spiritual needs and
concerns of all the members.

Another goal of the ministry is to achieve an increase in the participation rate
in the ongoing programmes being offered by the other Church Ministries.
For its long term goals, we aim to be an active and integral part of the church
in its vision and mission, implementation of its Call, Cultivate and Care
programmes through the Growth Requiring Individual Participation (GRIP)
approach. We will also focus and assist in strengthening the Family values
and in growing our membership numbers.

The Ministry is led by Pastor Vic and the Cluster Pastors, the Deacon Overseers
and supported by an administration, secretariat and core members handling
communication and technical support.
