ministries/mkb.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Marriage Keepers In Bread
---
 
If you ask your husband or wife who is their priority, the usual response would
be the children. The education and welfare of the children is always at the
top of their list. But do you know that after God, the order of priority should
be (1) husbands/wives then (2) the children, (3) then our livelihood then (4)
the church (ministry)? 

*“For this reason a man will leave his father and mother
                       and be united to his wife and they shall become one flesh.” Genesis 2:24*

<div class="mt-5 mb-5">
<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/bfhcf/image/upload/v1569824581/ministries/mkb_1.jpg" class="img-fluid"/>
</div>

The Marriage Keepers in Bread is the ministry devoted to reaching out to all the
married couples in Bread from Heaven Christian Fellowship Church. The vision
of MKB is for husbands and wives to experience a God-centered, love-filled
marriage and for them to be united in their journey to glorify God. Its mission is to
fellowship with other married couples, and together maintain a deeper intimacy
with God and strengthen their marriages through the regular study of his Word.

<div class="mt-5 mb-5">
<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/bfhcf/image/upload/v1569824581/ministries/mkb_2.jpg" class="img-fluid"/>
</div>

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/mkb.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Marriage Keepers In Bread
category-name: logos/ministries
image: mkb.png
description: The Marriage Keepers in Bread is the ministry devoted to reaching out to all the married couples in Bread from Heaven Christian Fellowship Church. The vision of MKB is for husbands and wives to experience a God-centered, love-filled marriage and for them to be united in their journey to glorify God.
---
 
If you ask your husband or wife who is their priority, the usual response would
be the children. The education and welfare of the children is always at the
top of their list. But do you know that after God, the order of priority should
be (1) husbands/wives then (2) the children, (3) then our livelihood then (4)
the church (ministry)? 

*“For this reason a man will leave his father and mother
                       and be united to his wife and they shall become one flesh.” Genesis 2:24*

<div class="mt-5 mb-5">
<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/bfhcf/image/upload/v1569824581/ministries/mkb_1.jpg" class="img-fluid"/>
</div>

The Marriage Keepers in Bread is the ministry devoted to reaching out to all the
married couples in Bread from Heaven Christian Fellowship Church. The vision
of MKB is for husbands and wives to experience a God-centered, love-filled
marriage and for them to be united in their journey to glorify God. Its mission is to
fellowship with other married couples, and together maintain a deeper intimacy
with God and strengthen their marriages through the regular study of his Word.

<div class="mt-5 mb-5">
<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/bfhcf/image/upload/v1569824581/ministries/mkb_2.jpg" class="img-fluid"/>
</div>
