ministries/multimedia.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Multimedia
form_url: https://bit.ly/bfhcf-mmm 
---
 
The Multimedia Ministry is a dynamic group of individuals with a heart to
serve and worship through different forms of media. We believe that service
knows no age or background, and by the grace and leading of God, we
acknowledge the call to service and continuously seek and focus on the
Lord for the joy and the heart of worshipful service.

The Multimedia Ministry has four arms or tracks:
1. The Print and Digital Media Team produces visual collaterals for the
weekly fellowship news, ministry announcements and activity posters.
2. The Worship Team aids our preachers and worship leaders in services
through the provision of slides and presentations.
3. The Documentation Team takes charge of photo and video coverages of
different church events and services.
4. The Website and Social Media Management Team maintains and designs
our Church website and updates the content in our social media accounts.

As a ministry, our vision is to worship and glorify God by ministering through
the different platforms of media; to nurture fellowship, collaboration and
spiritual growth among the members of the BFHCF community; and by the
grace of God and leading of the Holy Spirit, reach out and proclaim the
Gospel to communities outside the church grounds through media.

As a ministry, we are now working on strengthening the different methods
of training and discipleship through Bible studies, workshops, and one-on-
one mentoring. By the grace and guidance of our Lord, we are praying to
continue to encourage the members of the church to worship and serve
God through this ministry.

If you have heard God’s call to serve Him through the Multimedia Ministry,
please don’t hesitate to approach our ministry core team

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/multimedia.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Multimedia
form_url: https://bit.ly/bfhcf-mmm
category-name: logos/ministries
image: multimedia.png
description: The Multimedia Ministry is a dynamic group of individuals with a heart to serve and worship through different forms of media. We believe that service knows no age or background, and by the grace and leading of God, we acknowledge the call to service and continuously seek and focus on the Lord for the joy and the heart of worshipful service.
---
 
The Multimedia Ministry is a dynamic group of individuals with a heart to
serve and worship through different forms of media. We believe that service
knows no age or background, and by the grace and leading of God, we
acknowledge the call to service and continuously seek and focus on the
Lord for the joy and the heart of worshipful service.

The Multimedia Ministry has four arms or tracks:
1. The Print and Digital Media Team produces visual collaterals for the
weekly fellowship news, ministry announcements and activity posters.
2. The Worship Team aids our preachers and worship leaders in services
through the provision of slides and presentations.
3. The Documentation Team takes charge of photo and video coverages of
different church events and services.
4. The Website and Social Media Management Team maintains and designs
our Church website and updates the content in our social media accounts.

As a ministry, our vision is to worship and glorify God by ministering through
the different platforms of media; to nurture fellowship, collaboration and
spiritual growth among the members of the BFHCF community; and by the
grace of God and leading of the Holy Spirit, reach out and proclaim the
Gospel to communities outside the church grounds through media.

As a ministry, we are now working on strengthening the different methods
of training and discipleship through Bible studies, workshops, and one-on-
one mentoring. By the grace and guidance of our Lord, we are praying to
continue to encourage the members of the church to worship and serve
God through this ministry.

If you have heard God’s call to serve Him through the Multimedia Ministry,
please don’t hesitate to approach our ministry core team
