ministries/music.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
ministry: Worship & Music
form_url: https://bit.ly/bfhcf-music 
---
 
The Vision of the Praise and Worship Ministry is that worshipers would
experience the manifest presence of God in every worship service and thus
draw these worshipers to a deeper and more intimate relationship with God.

The Ministry’s mission is to provide a worship environment through music that
is conducive to the movement of the Holy Spirit, the understanding of the
Word of God and the glorification of God, so that worshipers are encouraged,
edified and empowered for the works of the Lord in our church and community.

There is no age limit in the music ministry. If you believe you’re divinely
appointed, called by God and have the desire to serve, then we encourage
you to join and together, let’s worship our Lord and our Savior through music.

The music ministry is one of the core and vital ministries. it is generally
expressed to encourage believers, to support the sermon and unify believers
for worship, all for the glory of God.

Our CARE activities involve our Quarterly Fellowship, a proposed Mentor-
Mentee program and the Music Intensive Training (MINT) to cultivate our

members’ spirituality and technical musicality.

Indeed, we serve a God of order and excellence who is worthy of all our praises.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/music.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
ministry: Worship & Music
form_url: https://bit.ly/bfhcf-music
category-name: logos/ministries
image: music.png
description: The Vision of the Praise and Worship Ministry is that worshipers would experience the manifest presence of God in every worship service and thus draw these worshipers to a deeper and more intimate relationship with God.
---
 
The Vision of the Praise and Worship Ministry is that worshipers would
experience the manifest presence of God in every worship service and thus
draw these worshipers to a deeper and more intimate relationship with God.

The Ministry’s mission is to provide a worship environment through music that
is conducive to the movement of the Holy Spirit, the understanding of the
Word of God and the glorification of God, so that worshipers are encouraged,
edified and empowered for the works of the Lord in our church and community.

There is no age limit in the music ministry. If you believe you’re divinely
appointed, called by God and have the desire to serve, then we encourage
you to join and together, let’s worship our Lord and our Savior through music.

The music ministry is one of the core and vital ministries. it is generally
expressed to encourage believers, to support the sermon and unify believers
for worship, all for the glory of God.

Our CARE activities involve our Quarterly Fellowship, a proposed Mentor-
Mentee program and the Music Intensive Training (MINT) to cultivate our

members’ spirituality and technical musicality.

Indeed, we serve a God of order and excellence who is worthy of all our praises.
