ministries/snl.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Salt & Light
---
 
**Ministry Summary Information:** 
Ministry for church members and worshipers
who are 60 years old and above. (2 Corinthians 4:16)

**Vision:**  
Mature to Christ-likeness. Our vision is that every elderly of
BFHCF is to be like Christ – obedient to the will of God according to what
is written in the Bible: to be holy, righteous, loving, caring, hopeful, patient,
etc. (ephesians 5:1-2)

**Mission:**   
To finish the race victoriously in obeying God faithfully and
glorifying Him in everything we do, and leading the old and young alike to
do the same. (Hebrews 12:1-3)
Ministry Core Value: The Word of God, the Bible, is our standard for living.
We must be captive only in Christ in the Word of God, nothing else. (Matthew
4:4) (Colossians 2:8)

SALT AND LIGHT MINISTRY has the following thrust this year 2018 in line
with that of the church:

- **Call.** Make Jesus known to all who are within our areas of influence – immediate
family members, relatives, neighbors, and therefore be one in Him.
- **Cultivate.** Read, hear, expound and internalize Biblical messages. This
is done during monthly fellowships. It starts with 1 hour prayer time then
followed by a message that addresses the needs of the members.
- **Care.** Caring and encouraging one another through monthly fellowship,
telephone calls by fellow S & L members and visitation through the Visitation
Ministry of the church.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/snl.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Salt & Light
category-name: logos/ministries
image: snl.png
description: "Ministry for church members and worshipers who are 60 years old and above. (2 Corinthians 4:16). Our vision is that every elderly of BFHCF is to be like Christ – obedient to the will of God according to what is written in the Bible: to be holy, righteous, loving, caring, hopeful, patient, etc. (Ephesians 5:1-2)"
---
 
**Ministry Summary Information:** 
Ministry for church members and worshipers
who are 60 years old and above. (2 Corinthians 4:16)

**Vision:**  
Mature to Christ-likeness. Our vision is that every elderly of
BFHCF is to be like Christ – obedient to the will of God according to what
is written in the Bible: to be holy, righteous, loving, caring, hopeful, patient,
etc. (ephesians 5:1-2)

**Mission:**   
To finish the race victoriously in obeying God faithfully and
glorifying Him in everything we do, and leading the old and young alike to
do the same. (Hebrews 12:1-3)
Ministry Core Value: The Word of God, the Bible, is our standard for living.
We must be captive only in Christ in the Word of God, nothing else. (Matthew
4:4) (Colossians 2:8)

SALT AND LIGHT MINISTRY has the following thrust this year 2018 in line
with that of the church:

- **Call.** Make Jesus known to all who are within our areas of influence – immediate
family members, relatives, neighbors, and therefore be one in Him.
- **Cultivate.** Read, hear, expound and internalize Biblical messages. This
is done during monthly fellowships. It starts with 1 hour prayer time then
followed by a message that addresses the needs of the members.
- **Care.** Caring and encouraging one another through monthly fellowship,
telephone calls by fellow S & L members and visitation through the Visitation
Ministry of the church.
