ministries/visitation.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Visitation
---
 

The main objective is to let the members and worshipers of the church know
that BREAD CARES, and to be where you are when you need us the most.
We have 3 classifications of people:
1. Visitors –These include the first-time visitors, the sporadic visitors and
the visitors that have been with us for less than 6 consecutive months.
2. Regular Worshipers - People who regularly worship with us and have
been with us for six consecutive months or more.
3. Listed Members - these are people who made a commitment and have
signed the membership covenant.

But, in the church, we are all one. We are all family and we all belong.
Because we are one family, the church lets everyone know that Bread
cares through the Visitation Ministry. We at the ministry will give you a call
or approach you at an opportune time to set a day and time with you and
your family. We will go wherever you are, be it at your home or in the office.
Expect us to see you one day.

When you need our counsel, when you are sick, and when you are at the
hospital, we would like to be there. Even when you are grieving, we will
make our presence available for you to encourage you, to bring the Word to
you, to pray for you and with you.

We would also make ourselves available for you on any special occasion or
special day for you and your family to pray, rejoice and praise the Lord with you.
We can also be there for you to officiate your wedding, baptismal, house or
office blessing or any other service for the Lord.
Just let us know how we can be of service to you in the Lord, and we will
make our best effort to respond and be there with you.

*Hebrews 10:24-25, says, “and let us consider how to stimulate one another
to love and good deeds, not forsaking our own assembling together, as is
the habit of some, but encouraging one another; and all the more as you see
the day drawing near. NASU*

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/visitation.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Visitation
category-name: logos/ministries
image: visitation.png
description: The main objective is to let the members and worshipers of the church know that BREAD CARES, and to be where you are when you need us the most.
---
 

The main objective is to let the members and worshipers of the church know
that BREAD CARES, and to be where you are when you need us the most.
We have 3 classifications of people:
1. Visitors –These include the first-time visitors, the sporadic visitors and
the visitors that have been with us for less than 6 consecutive months.
2. Regular Worshipers - People who regularly worship with us and have
been with us for six consecutive months or more.
3. Listed Members - these are people who made a commitment and have
signed the membership covenant.

But, in the church, we are all one. We are all family and we all belong.
Because we are one family, the church lets everyone know that Bread
cares through the Visitation Ministry. We at the ministry will give you a call
or approach you at an opportune time to set a day and time with you and
your family. We will go wherever you are, be it at your home or in the office.
Expect us to see you one day.

When you need our counsel, when you are sick, and when you are at the
hospital, we would like to be there. Even when you are grieving, we will
make our presence available for you to encourage you, to bring the Word to
you, to pray for you and with you.

We would also make ourselves available for you on any special occasion or
special day for you and your family to pray, rejoice and praise the Lord with you.
We can also be there for you to officiate your wedding, baptismal, house or
office blessing or any other service for the Lord.
Just let us know how we can be of service to you in the Lord, and we will
make our best effort to respond and be there with you.

*Hebrews 10:24-25, says, “and let us consider how to stimulate one another
to love and good deeds, not forsaking our own assembling together, as is
the habit of some, but encouraging one another; and all the more as you see
the day drawing near. NASU*
