ministries/womb.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Women Of Bread
---
 
This Ministry supports all four Core Ministries, (Worship, Discipleship, Evangelism and Care) as well as our church theme for 2018 to 2020 which is to CALL, CULTIVATE and CARE.

Our goal for this ministry is for all the WOMen of Bread From Heaven to
become spiritually mature wives, mothers, titas and ates, that are actively
involved in various Christian services through our church.

With this, our main Ministry Mission is to glorify God, through active
involvement in creating a positive influence among the women members by
instilling self-worth, developing spiritual maturity, increasing awareness in
their social responsibilities and honing their God-given skills.

We also envision that our community of Women in this church would worship
God and seek to grow in spirituality and service, all for the glory of God.
Ladies, you are probably already familiar with WOMB’s annual activities, since
we’ve been enjoining you ladies to attend. We have the Quarterly Fellowships,
Quarterly visits to Rose Of Sharon at Puypuy, bi-annual Rummage Sale and
WOMB’s annual support for Family Day and Medical-Dental Missions.

SO, WOMEN OF BREAD, I URGE YOU TO PLEASE MAKE THIS YOUR
PRIORITY AND JOIN US!!!

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/womb.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Women Of Bread
category-name: logos/ministries
image: womb.png
description: Our goal for this ministry is for all the WOMen of Bread From Heaven to become spiritually mature wives, mothers, titas and ates, that are actively involved in various Christian services through our church.
---
 
This Ministry supports all four Core Ministries, (Worship, Discipleship, Evangelism and Care) as well as our church theme for 2018 to 2020 which is to CALL, CULTIVATE and CARE.

Our goal for this ministry is for all the WOMen of Bread From Heaven to
become spiritually mature wives, mothers, titas and ates, that are actively
involved in various Christian services through our church.

With this, our main Ministry Mission is to glorify God, through active
involvement in creating a positive influence among the women members by
instilling self-worth, developing spiritual maturity, increasing awareness in
their social responsibilities and honing their God-given skills.

We also envision that our community of Women in this church would worship
God and seek to grow in spirituality and service, all for the glory of God.
Ladies, you are probably already familiar with WOMB’s annual activities, since
we’ve been enjoining you ladies to attend. We have the Quarterly Fellowships,
Quarterly visits to Rose Of Sharon at Puypuy, bi-annual Rummage Sale and
WOMB’s annual support for Family Day and Medical-Dental Missions.

SO, WOMEN OF BREAD, I URGE YOU TO PLEASE MAKE THIS YOUR
PRIORITY AND JOIN US!!!
