ministries/ypf.md, before:

---
layout: ministry
title: Young People's Fellowship
---
 
The mission and vision of the Young People’s Fellowship of Bread From Heaven
is to equip transformed young people to become disciple makers under Christ
through intentional discipleship, study of the Word, prayer, and ministry.

The fellowship meets every Saturday night at 6:30 pm and is open to all young
people, ages 15-31, who attend the church. Meanwhile, friends and family are
more than welcome to also attend and worship. Aside from the usual Saturday
services, there are other avenues for our young people to serve through the
different committees of the young people, outreach programs, small groups,
and the summer camp. This summer camp has also been an avenue for
the young people to surrender their life to Jesus, to serve in various church
ministries, and to mature in their walk as true followers of Christ.

We believe that the young people of today are at various crossroads in their
life with all the pressures and expectations that the world throws at them.
Through the YPF, we pray that we are able to point our young people to the
Cross Road, and to live fully and totally for Christ.

Commit message:

Update seo data for ministries

ministries/ypf.md, after:

---
layout: ministry
title: Young People's Fellowship
category-name: logos/ministries
image: ypf.png
description: The mission and vision of the Young People’s Fellowship of Bread From Heaven is to equip transformed young people to become disciple makers under Christ through intentional discipleship, study of the Word, prayer, and ministry.
---
 
The mission and vision of the Young People’s Fellowship of Bread From Heaven
is to equip transformed young people to become disciple makers under Christ
through intentional discipleship, study of the Word, prayer, and ministry.

The fellowship meets every Saturday night at 6:30 pm and is open to all young
people, ages 15-31, who attend the church. Meanwhile, friends and family are
more than welcome to also attend and worship. Aside from the usual Saturday
services, there are other avenues for our young people to serve through the
different committees of the young people, outreach programs, small groups,
and the summer camp. This summer camp has also been an avenue for
the young people to surrender their life to Jesus, to serve in various church
ministries, and to mature in their walk as true followers of Christ.

We believe that the young people of today are at various crossroads in their
life with all the pressures and expectations that the world throws at them.
Through the YPF, we pray that we are able to point our young people to the
Cross Road, and to live fully and totally for Christ.
